desperate for water Palestinians Queue
at this un managed desalination plant in
kanun every day for What Little there is
to
dute it's been a long time since I drank
cold water there's no electricity at all
even if you buy cold water from outside
it would cost you five or six shekels I
don't have enough money even the water
we drink here is not properly filtered
it's a mix of salty and fresh water
before the war this plant provided 20
million lers of fresh water every day to
around
250,000 people now the facility can
produce only a fraction of that at just
15% of original output and it now also
serves more than 1 million people four
times what it's designed for most of
them displaced by Israel's bombardment
after the Israeli Army destroyed power
to the plant it has been forced to run
off backup generators using fuel which
is rapidly running out sooner or later
you will have a failure because of lack
of spare bars or lack of fuel or having
no replac generators even no this
generators was designed from the very
beginning to be as a standby generators
back up never ever we think that we will
reach the point to overade the whole
plant for 12 hours by the generators it
was in our dreams but that could soon
change Palestinian workers in
coordination with the Israeli forces are
now attempting to connect an external
power line to the
plant we've received a request to
restore lines to reconnect to
desalination plant in De alala we
started working with whatever available
resources we have and we were in contact
with all relevant organizations to
provide the components needed for this
line if the electricity Supply is
restored the plant will once again be
able to run at full capacity even then
it will be far from enough to provide
the population of Gaza with a fresh
water but for these Palestinians it will
provide at least some relief tar abaz Al
jazer
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer